all right mate how you doing welcome
back to another video today I'm joined
by Scotland and Crystal Palace play at
James MacArthur James thanks for joining
me
yes we're gonna answer some questions ya
know would you rather questions and then
we've got some questions from the guys
in Twitter so let's just go for it nice
and simple nothing too crazy in it
first question I've got for you tricky
one would you rather lose the World Cup
final on penalties obviously with
Scotland but you personally would get
voted player of the tournament
or would you rather win the European
Championships with Scotland but you
don't play single minute because you're
injured wanna don't go win it yeah I
think if you go the other way it's very
selfish yeah and especially for Scotland
- - when something would be nice it's
actually great so yeah I think that's
right onto the earth you've done the
right thing would you rather play
alongside Messi or Ronaldo and why fear
doubt the question I would go for Mesa
mini yeah thank you it set me up more
from me in my chances yeah he's less
selfish flavor than Ronaldo is that what
you're saying I'm not sin
Bruno just selfish but it please he's
assessed as unbelievable yeah he does
self a lot of girls would you rather
play a bit of golf it's in your own time
yeah or play bit FIFA cool you're on the
golf man yeah how's your handicap name
that's decent is it coming down we're
going up the way through this summer a
way okay but then a bit roughly through
the window that's not yeah not it's so
good but they don't mind I guess don't
mind you playing golf is not much front
of injuries are less there yeah but when
it starts getting closer a game the one
really pleased toward to start the week
there's a couple of golfers yeah yeah
yeah after you finish playing football
in your career comes to the end would
you rather go on to be a cultural
manager or goats or in front of the
camera and be a pundit coach or manager
coach man you see yourself in that yeah
sort of rather like a camera that you go
away okay cool all right these questions
are some guys on Twitter I asked them to
send me some questions for you the first
one is when you're a young young player
looking up you know looking up to the
players around you maybe when you're a
little kid who is your inspiration
Jessica a cool guy that's going
Ben arranges family rearranges and the
unbeliever hadn't been as a cinema to
the watch numbers was clear to be honest
yeah okay Gaza was the man okay not what
will let your question this one what's
your favorite movie please huh rain hi
was a fries okay right who's the best
defender you never faced defender
[Music]
maybe company Company of Meadows was it
talk leo yeah what about best player in
general you've played against you no way
believe me rate but I guess that's quite
a lot and I see the same Pearson and a
lot of people surprised but I'd see miss
Adam Bailey when it was that film really
okay
I can't believe as a midfielder you can
caught both people who pass the ball
where you try and get close and but he
was clear that when you close he would
just run by you it was so powerful I
think playing against Michael Carrick
also and the Charity Shield final wars
was very tough he would be facing the
other way you think you get pressure and
they would find someone and hope so too
two different type of players
interesting you picked out company and
dembélé there because people watch my
videos know that I love the Belgians
it's very efficient players and you've
got a couple Belgians there so who's the
loudest person in Scotland change room
hello just think a lot of people with
movies in this area yeah body Bannon
yes go Brown there's a couple okay
o'clock your characters
yeah yeah important what's the main
thing you said you like to go what's the
main thing you do when you're not
playing football that what is yeah we
took okay what about what was your done
if you never been a footballer I've not
that quick no no idea the whole guy
could okay this is a question from
Albert Ferreira and he says what's the
best piece of advice you've ever been
given
[Music]
I've questioned probably not advice but
I would say Pearson that drove me the
most is my dad right like those times
where you get girlfriends and he do
different things and he was always the
one that was pushing towards football
make sure I don't have written right and
in he's helped me a lot in my view it
wasn't necessarily one thing it is more
Julia gives you a little thing no mind
way to go okay last question
this one's from mark he says what was
the first football match you ever went
to you remember it you know that was
yeah yeah it was when I was younger I
had the season but when I was about 10
years old I books and one could all be a
sitting in every every single home game
which was obviously good and getting to
see plays Lee gazelle oh you dropped
ball bits yeah top toppers that's where
the passion began yeah it did James
thank you very much for that much
appreciated we're going to do another
video now on the Vauxhall channel we'll
do some quick fire questions so make
sure you click the link in the
description and head over there to see
that drop a like on the video if you've
enjoyed it subscribe for more but until
next time I'll see you when you're older
don't go to the engine